[19570] Improve locators documentation (#558)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/transport/transport_api.rst

* The *physical port* is the port used by the network device, the real port that the operating system understands.
  It is stored in the two least significant bytes of the member |Locator_t::port-api|.
* The *logical port* is the RTPS port.
  It is used by the RTPS protocol to distinguish different entities.
  It is stored in the two most significant bytes of the member |Locator_t::port-api|.

In TCP, this distinction allows for several DDS applications using different RTPS ports (*logical ports*) to share the
same *physical port*, thus only requiring for a single port to be opened for all communications.
In UDP there is only the *physical port*, which is also the RTPS port, and is stored in the two least significant bytes
of the member |Locator_t::port-api|.

The locator address, represented in 16 bytes, is managed differently depending on whether the protocol used is IPv4 or
IPv6.

> * The IPv6 address uses the 16 available Bytes to represent an unique and global address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The IPv6 address uses the 16 available bytes to represent a unique and global address.
```

> * The IPv4 address splits those 16 Bytes in the following three sections, ordered from less to greatest significant:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The IPv4 address splits those 16 bytes in the following three sections, ordered from least to greatest significance:
```

>   - 4 Bytes LAN IP: UDP and TCP local subnet identification.
>   - 4 Bytes WAN IP: TCP only public IP.
>   - 16 Bytes unique LAN identifier: TCP only identifier for the TCP connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 4 bytes LAN IP: local subnet identification (UDP and TCP).
  - 4 bytes WAN IP: Public IP (TCP only).
  - 8 bytes unused.
```

.. code-block:: idl

    TODO Edu choose which representation fits better in the documentation
    +---------------------------------------------------+       +-----------------------------------------------+
    |                Locator IPv6 address               | 16    |              Locator IPv4 address             | 16
    +---------------------------------------------------+       +-----------------------------------------------+
    | Address (2001:0000:130F:0000:0000:09C0:876A:130B) | 16    | LAN address (192.168.0.113)                   | 4
    +---------------------------------------------------+       +-----------------------------------------------+
                                                                | WAN address (62.128.41.210)          TCP only | 4
                                                                +-----------------------------------------------+
                                                                | Unique LAN ID (192.168.1.1.1.1.2.55) TCP only | 8
                                                                +-----------------------------------------------+

>     TODO Edu choose which representation fits better in the documentation

Reviewer: This one please, but with the header separately

    +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                        Locator IPv4 address                                      |
    +--------------------------------------+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+

>     | Unique LAN ID (192.168.1.1.1.1.2.55) | WAN address (62.128.41.210) | LAN address (192.168.0.113) |

Reviewer: Please add formatting
```suggestion
    | Unused | WAN address (62.128.41.210) | LAN address (192.168.0.113) |
```

    +--------------------------------------+-----------------------------+-----------------------------+
        (TCP only) 8 Bytes                  (TCP only) 4 Bytes                      4 Bytes

    +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                                        Locator IPv6 address                                      |
    +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    |                            Address (2001:0000:130F:0000:0000:09C0:876A:130B)                     |
    +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
                                                   16 Bytes

Check the :ref:`TCP IPv4 transport descriptor api <api_tcpv4_transport_descriptor>` for further information about WAN

> address.

Reviewer: I'd rather say something in the lines of WAN address manipulation, the link is alright

* The *physical port* is the port used by the network device, the real port that the operating system understands.
  It is stored in the two least significant bytes of the member |Locator_t::port-api|.
* The *logical port* is the RTPS port.

>   It is used by the RTPS applications to perform communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It is used by the RTPS protocol to distinguish different entities.
```

  It is stored in the two most significant bytes of the member |Locator_t::port-api|.

> In TCP this distinction allows having only one opened port for external communication, while having multiple
> applications with different ports in the same host.

Reviewer: I did not account for line length.
```suggestion
In TCP, this distinction allows for several DDS applications using different RTPS ports (*logical ports*) to share the same *physical port*, thus only requiring for a single port to be opened for all communications.
```
